hey guys Jordan just make a little bit
of video on some better issues with the
galaxy s4 some people might be getting
with iPhone one charge charging issues
where we'll charge first a second then
stop is random battery issues I have
might have a little bit of fix give a
shot let me also see any videos I there
now so just see it's in my with they
might my not so at least with my phone I
am getting to where I plug it in goes
through a little loop I'll turn off
vibrate and then charge then I'll turn
off the charge go through loop and then
charge and that happens every like
simultaneously like three seconds and
that is a pain in the ass and some
people don't know what to do
it is a defective phone you have Best
Buy Geek Squad protection or Verizon
anything like that I suggest should go
into them and just tell me one charge
thing you want them to send out a new
one might work my not I'm pretty sure
will some people got a bad batch of
phones it's no color difference or
anything like that what I've seen work
for me is to turn to turn the phone off
now even though it's not charging or my
go through looper might it might charge
a little bit here and there whatever the
case is
don't touch in 15 minutes please resist
the temptation touch it I know you might
be freaking out where the hell my phone
is working what's going on definitely
try to be patient and don't touch it and
it will work out for you I promise it's
a little weird and what it would not but
first step is turn the phone off
probably has turned off might be
probably completely dead there's a
little thing in Android that it might
not show is charging but it does have
power gong to it maybe a little tiny bit
but eventually it will throw a little
bit of juice to jumpstart it
turn it off leave her for 15 minutes
don't touch unplug it turn the front on
I should have a little bit to run
through boot-up it'll turn on you'll
plug in the charger it might match you
might have like 2% it was dead before I
might have a couple extra percent from
where you left it if you did turn it off
if you're having the issue then keep it
plugged in it my nightstand is charging
but it really is and without national
mine once it gets above 20 percent it
will start to fully charge it is a
hardware issue something weird something
strange
I am a Apple guy coming from Android not
too too happy but I do love the phone
I'm a is rooted I'm the custom roms on
this I don't think that that's the issue
either I think it is Samsung's so I
hope my thing helps you out a little bit
of know it really doesn't depend on the
charger I love them do the same thing it
is a hardware issue it is defective so I
would recommend but recommend getting a
new phone I try to talk to get insurance
break it get anyone do whatever you can
and see if that works for your pup it
does so did you not see any videos every
now anybody else would comment have any
other feedback that'd be great two exams
still waiting on your phone to come in
but let's board and for you to make a
video all right guys keep calm try one